yeah
when the main hair battle marc
'animal girls coming to you live
grip look at it
grab the harpoon and then I get
the butterflies I get it every
time
here they come and all I can
think about is when I lost that
last one
come on baby girl
black college want to walk that
line
what that daughter that long
the job
no it comes down to this I just
gonna make a good shot shot
that's what I'm talking about
huh they're good job money from
free and dad knows there's a
shot and I just just hard as I
can and I see it board and
that's a good son but the fight
is not over yet
I got that line
we gotta why we finally send
that girl on the deck and I
didn't realize how pinup i was
about it but it's a very strong
feeling of relief that we
finally call let me know
email how's it going guys
everything's good man
it looks like it all all man
congratulations review feels
like that is won the superbowl
don't I let's get her up here
soon we got 271 pounds from 70
would pretty workforce this
buddy is the moment of truth
about the bottom line you
twenty-four dollars a pound for
my nice awesome day today we've
got our first fish when you
start out with the greatest
success but all it takes is one
you started in the doghouse is
back in the game
Wow